but I can't tell
you don't want to be
if you don't want
what soccer TV you want more transfers I
will bring you more transfer news sorry
I've been missing out but this is the
new thing I'm going to be bringing out
two videos every week make it a hundred
views on there and you know what maybe
one day you'll get a surprise one of
these jerseys anyways let's start with
the first one where I mean real madrid
are trying to sign cruz cruz has been a
wanted man this summer but i don't think
Cruz is leaving anywhere Bayern Munich
Pep Guardiola loves the guy they will
not let go of a 22 year old midfielder
Saturn attack and center mid even put
anything you want he will not be leaving
bar me to stop making the rumors up all
right so you ventus has reached an
agreement with sanchez Sanchez from
Barcelona hasn't been playing at all
well at least a little bit but he's a
great talent is to go to back to Italy
where he was created from Napoli he's
going to be amazing in aventis I really
want to see him fight for event this
event this has been a great old lady and
you know what I hope to see Sanchez be
the top scorer top striker at Aventis
all right now let's go to Chelsea Jesse
does not want to lose his art how hard
it was big player that everybody says
he's amazing yes he's amazing he's a 22
year old winger that just could I hit
speed but he's a douchebag anyways the
dish that has officially got a deal for
two hundred thousand euros a week two
hundred thousand a week why would you
sign him that big of a deal just to keep
him at Chelsea I'm sorry but with that
money you could sign even better better
players better players there is Luis
bizarre Abbas on oh that's right now
unknown that could be even better than
mazhar but you know what no we got a
scientist part because he's amazing I
don't think as hard as that it means a
comment below and tell me if you really
think he's that amazing alright so let's
go to Chelsea once again which s is
actually submitted and not from far
because Africa is officially agreed a
contract deal with them but Josie hasn't
given money to burn up to yep to
Barcelona to actually decide whether the
transfer is actually gonna happen
Rodriguez is a wanted man to get out of
Spain he's been
herbal down there he's not worth
anywhere close to 25 million dollars
that Chelsea will prepare to bid for him
which i think is about 10 million
dollars Chelsea always overpays so it's
okay Barcelona once again he will get
away with more money exactly the same
price we paid for him back then when he
was two years younger anyways Chelsea
you keep doing your thing arsenal
arsenal wants to sign Casillas Perseus
is an amazing goalkeeper but you know
what i see is would stay in Spain
because he is will stay at Santiago
Bernabeu and he will retire at Real
Madrid this is the guy that is like
Gerard of Liverpool like plum part of
Chelsea like schweinsteiger Bayern
Munich this is the bed that's going to
stay with what i betray that maybe 11
more or maybe two more championship
links all right now let's go to another
Arsenal transfer rumour going to chase
him and see then see then performed
amazing outstanding player of the year
for Napoli to me Kabaddi leftist I
stepped in perfect he's been doing a lot
of stuff with he going they're good
players together I don't think in seeing
that will be leavin up with it because
Napoles building a great team and you
know what they're gonna sell their place
for nothing so arsenal keep on chasing
other stuff keep on dreaming now this is
this is pretty weird Chelsea since
they're going after da Costa they wanna
sign Luis and then they wanna sign
Thiago you know what that's impossible
realm Atletico Madrid will not fall
apart that you see please don't fall
apart that easy don't be the next
Dortmund don't be some of their players
just sell the ever close to keep
Philippa Louise keep Tiago and keep
poking do not sell them keep the great
team together and maybe we'll go to
championship big final once again and
we'll make that dream happen alright
this is the last transfer news that I
think is pretty sad this is the man of
you know what last century this guy
Lescott has been a great defender but
he's not been playing it offered a
Manchester City and it's pissing me off
because this guy could have played a lot
of games that they needed him in but
they didn't play him this guy's now
wanted man five Cubs won some aston
villa west ham manchester united
actually thinking about it sharka and
m ost in portland timbers and then some
indian team or whatever i can say it a
lion anyways let's talk I hope you stay
in Premier League I hope you still have
a good career and good luck man whatever
happens happens it happens for a reason
right alright fence if you like my
transfer news keep on subscribing keep
on watching my videos I love with this a
hundred views per video that's pretty
good about a year ago I couldn't even
get like 10 views per video now I'm
seeing that you guys actually like my
videos so keep on subscribe to post
comments below like crazy do whatever
you want